---
title: Our Story
---

After twelve and half years of dating we finally have a date set for our
wedding! It has taken a long time to get here so we are planning an evening
worthy of the wait. We look forward to you joining us in the celebration of our
marriage and are excited to share our day with family and friends.
{text-large}

We first met in our junior year of high school in Mr. Kilma’s "Intro. To
Analysis" class. We had crossed paths running cross country and through mutual
friends but had not shared our feelings with anyone, much less each other. What
was a casual friendship evolved into a relationship with the quickly
approaching senior homecoming dance. After months of admiration from afar, we
acknowledged our feelings for one another and became boyfriend and girlfriend.
We weren’t “Facebook official” because at the time Facebook was reserved for
college students only, but we felt our relationship was off to a good start.

![Tom & Lindsay](/about/216934_1014524403109_9430_n.jpg)
{pull-right snapshot rotate}

Lindsay would spend the next four years at Salisbury University and Tom would
attend Virginia Tech. The separation was difficult to endure but we made the
most of scheduled/extended breaks along with a few surprise visits on long
weekends. We spoke every night. We had a standing phone date at 11 pm and would
usually talk for about an hour. Now we’re fast asleep by 8:30.

In 2013 Tom’s bachelor pad days came to an end as his orange and maroon towels
from college were replaced by “ones that didn’t stink” and suddenly all the
plates and silverware matched. Dinner was upgraded from freezer pizza and
takeout to home-cooked casseroles.

Two more years of working and saving and we would purchase our first house
together. Now, permanent roommates, you would think marriage was imminent yet
Tom would drag his feet for another year.

11 years, 1 month, 23 days after the awkward, nervous, timid first date, we
were engaged. The high school relationship, consisting of two teenagers, each
too shy to make the first move, had survived over a decade. We had grown from a
dinner filled with awkward silence to an irreplaceable part of one another’s
lives. Laughing together, crying together, sharing our untold secrets, fears,
and most intimate thoughts.

May 12, 2018 will mark the official beginning of our lifelong commitment to one
another but the only thing that will change about our relationship is our tax
status. We will continue to love and support each other, put the other’s needs
above our own, and approach each day as a team.

![Tom & Lindsay](/about/21728516_10212247919571565_5485824495124986713_n.jpg)
{snapshot text-center bigger}
